.TH "genevalmag::Expression" 3 "4 Sep 2010" "Version 1.0" "maggen" \" -*- nroff -*-
.ad l
.nh
.SH NAME
genevalmag::Expression \- 
.SH SYNOPSIS
.br
.PP
.PP
\fC#include <Expression.h>\fP
.PP
Inherited by \fBgenevalmag::Expr_leaf\fP, and \fBgenevalmag::Expr_node\fP.
.SS "Public Member Functions"

.in +1c
.ti -1c
.RI "\fBExpression\fP ()"
.br
.ti -1c
.RI "virtual \fB~Expression\fP ()"
.br
.ti -1c
.RI "const \fBExpression\fP * \fBget_parent\fP () const "
.br
.ti -1c
.RI "const string \fBget_type_synthetized\fP () const "
.br
.ti -1c
.RI "int \fBget_conflict\fP () const "
.br
.ti -1c
.RI "void \fBset_parent\fP (const \fBExpression\fP *new_parent)"
.br
.ti -1c
.RI "void \fBset_type_synthetized\fP (string new_type_synthetized)"
.br
.ti -1c
.RI "void \fBdelete_parent\fP ()"
.br
.ti -1c
.RI "void \fBactive_conflict\fP (int prec_conflict)"
.br
.ti -1c
.RI "void \fBdesactive_conflict\fP ()"
.br
.ti -1c
.RI "virtual string \fBto_string\fP () const =0"
.br
.in -1c
.SS "Protected Attributes"

.in +1c
.ti -1c
.RI "const \fBExpression\fP * \fBparent\fP"
.br
.RI "\fIFather of \fBExpression\fP. \fP"
.ti -1c
.RI "string \fBtype_synthetized\fP"
.br
.RI "\fIType of node: Obtains of parse. \fP"
.ti -1c
.RI "int \fBconflict\fP"
.br
.RI "\fIMark when conflicted node.
.br
 This conflict is a conflict in the parse.
.br
 Used for define the precedence of function.
.br
. \fP"
.in -1c
.SH "Detailed Description"
.PP 
Definition at line 21 of file Expression.h.
.SH "Constructor & Destructor Documentation"
.PP 
.SS "genevalmag::Expression::Expression ()"Constructor of \fBExpression\fP. 
.PP
\fBReturns:\fP
.RS 4

.RE
.PP
Contructor of \fBExpression\fP. 
.PP
Definition at line 17 of file Expression.cpp.
.PP
References conflict, parent, and type_synthetized.
.SS "genevalmag::Expression::~Expression ()\fC [virtual]\fP"Destructor of \fBExpression\fP. 
.PP
\fBReturns:\fP
.RS 4

.RE
.PP
Destructor of \fBExpression\fP. 
.PP
Definition at line 27 of file Expression.cpp.
.SH "Member Function Documentation"
.PP 
.SS "void genevalmag::Expression::active_conflict (int prec_conflict)"Turn on the conflict flag with the precendence wath produces. 
.PP
\fBParameters:\fP
.RS 4
\fIprec_conflict\fP Turn on the conflict flag with the precendence wath produces. 
.RE
.PP

.PP
Definition at line 80 of file Expression.cpp.
.PP
References conflict.
.SS "void genevalmag::Expression::delete_parent ()"Sets the parent pointer of the \fBExpression\fP in NULL. 
.PP
Definition at line 72 of file Expression.cpp.
.PP
References parent.
.SS "void genevalmag::Expression::desactive_conflict ()"Turn off the conflict flag with negative precendence. 
.PP
Definition at line 88 of file Expression.cpp.
.PP
References conflict.
.SS "int genevalmag::Expression::get_conflict () const"Returns the precendence wath produces the conflict. 
.PP
\fBReturns:\fP
.RS 4

.RE
.PP
Returns the precendence wath produces the conflict. 
.PP
Definition at line 48 of file Expression.cpp.
.PP
References conflict.
.PP
Referenced by genevalmag::Expr_literal::copy(), genevalmag::Expr_instance::copy(), and genevalmag::Expr_function::copy().
.SS "const \fBExpression\fP * genevalmag::Expression::get_parent () const"Returns the parent pointer of the \fBExpression\fP. 
.PP
\fBReturns:\fP
.RS 4

.RE
.PP
Returns the parent pointer of the \fBExpression\fP. 
.PP
Definition at line 32 of file Expression.cpp.
.PP
References parent.
.PP
Referenced by genevalmag::Expr_literal::copy(), genevalmag::Expr_instance::copy(), and genevalmag::Expr_function::copy().
.SS "const string genevalmag::Expression::get_type_synthetized () const"Returns the type synthetized of the \fBExpression\fP. 
.PP
\fBReturns:\fP
.RS 4

.RE
.PP
Returns the type synthetized of the \fBExpression\fP. 
.PP
Definition at line 40 of file Expression.cpp.
.PP
References type_synthetized.
.PP
Referenced by genevalmag::Expr_literal::copy(), genevalmag::Expr_instance::copy(), and genevalmag::Expr_function::copy().
.SS "void genevalmag::Expression::set_parent (const \fBExpression\fP * new_parent)"Sets the parent pointer of the \fBExpression\fP. 
.PP
\fBParameters:\fP
.RS 4
\fInew_parent\fP Sets the parent pointer of the \fBExpression\fP. 
.RE
.PP

.PP
Definition at line 56 of file Expression.cpp.
.PP
References parent.
.PP
Referenced by genevalmag::Expr_node::add_child(), and genevalmag::Expr_node::replace_child().
.SS "void genevalmag::Expression::set_type_synthetized (string new_type_synthetized)"Returns the type synthetized of the \fBExpression\fP. 
.PP
\fBParameters:\fP
.RS 4
\fInew_type_synthetized\fP Returns the type synthetized of the \fBExpression\fP. 
.RE
.PP

.PP
Definition at line 64 of file Expression.cpp.
.PP
References type_synthetized.
.PP
Referenced by genevalmag::create_bool(), genevalmag::create_instance_node(), genevalmag::create_lit_ch(), genevalmag::create_lit_number(), genevalmag::create_lit_str(), and genevalmag::push_mark().
.SS "virtual string genevalmag::Expression::to_string () const\fC [pure virtual]\fP"Generate and return a string reprensentation of a \fBExpression\fP. 
.PP
\fBReturns:\fP
.RS 4

.RE
.PP

.PP
Implemented in \fBgenevalmag::Expr_function\fP, \fBgenevalmag::Expr_instance\fP, \fBgenevalmag::Expr_leaf\fP, \fBgenevalmag::Expr_literal\fP, and \fBgenevalmag::Expr_node\fP.
.SH "Member Data Documentation"
.PP 
.SS "\fBgenevalmag::Expression::conflict\fP\fC [protected]\fP"
.PP
Mark when conflicted node.
.br
 This conflict is a conflict in the parse.
.br
 Used for define the precedence of function.
.br
. 
.PP
Definition at line 40 of file Expression.h.
.PP
Referenced by active_conflict(), genevalmag::Expr_literal::copy(), genevalmag::Expr_instance::copy(), genevalmag::Expr_function::copy(), desactive_conflict(), Expression(), and get_conflict().
.SS "\fBgenevalmag::Expression::parent\fP\fC [protected]\fP"
.PP
Father of \fBExpression\fP. 
.PP
Definition at line 28 of file Expression.h.
.PP
Referenced by genevalmag::Expr_literal::copy(), genevalmag::Expr_instance::copy(), genevalmag::Expr_function::copy(), delete_parent(), Expression(), get_parent(), and set_parent().
.SS "\fBgenevalmag::Expression::type_synthetized\fP\fC [protected]\fP"
.PP
Type of node: Obtains of parse. 
.PP
Definition at line 33 of file Expression.h.
.PP
Referenced by genevalmag::Expr_literal::copy(), genevalmag::Expr_instance::copy(), genevalmag::Expr_function::copy(), Expression(), get_type_synthetized(), and set_type_synthetized().

.SH "Author"
.PP 
Generated automatically by Doxygen for maggen from the source code.
