.TH "genevalmag::Parser_AG" 3 "4 Sep 2010" "Version 1.0" "maggen" \" -*- nroff -*-
.ad l
.nh
.SH NAME
genevalmag::Parser_AG \- 
.SH SYNOPSIS
.br
.PP
.PP
\fC#include <Parser_AG.h>\fP
.SS "Public Member Functions"

.in +1c
.ti -1c
.RI "\fBParser_AG\fP ()"
.br
.ti -1c
.RI "\fB~Parser_AG\fP ()"
.br
.ti -1c
.RI "const \fBAttr_grammar\fP & \fBget_attr_grammar\fP ()"
.br
.ti -1c
.RI "bool \fBparse_grammar\fP (const string &path_file_input)"
.br
.ti -1c
.RI "void \fBsave_grammar_file\fP (const string path_output) const "
.br
.in -1c
.SS "Private Attributes"

.in +1c
.ti -1c
.RI "\fBAttr_grammar\fP \fBattr_grammar\fP"
.br
.RI "\fIInternal structure of grammar. \fP"
.ti -1c
.RI "\fBSemantics_checks\fP \fBsem_check\fP"
.br
.RI "\fISemantics control for grammar: Well define grammar. \fP"
.in -1c
.SH "Detailed Description"
.PP 
Definition at line 32 of file Parser_AG.h.
.SH "Constructor & Destructor Documentation"
.PP 
.SS "genevalmag::Parser_AG::Parser_AG ()"Constructor of \fBParser_AG\fP. 
.PP
Definition at line 33 of file Parser_AG.cpp.
.SS "genevalmag::Parser_AG::~Parser_AG ()"Destructor of \fBParser_AG\fP. 
.PP
Definition at line 39 of file Parser_AG.cpp.
.SH "Member Function Documentation"
.PP 
.SS "const \fBAttr_grammar\fP & genevalmag::Parser_AG::get_attr_grammar ()"Returns att_grammar of parser. 
.PP
\fBReturns:\fP
.RS 4

.RE
.PP
Returns att_grammar of parser. 
.PP
Definition at line 46 of file Parser_AG.cpp.
.PP
References attr_grammar.
.PP
Referenced by genevalmag::Maglib::gen_evaluator().
.SS "bool genevalmag::Parser_AG::parse_grammar (const string & path_file_input)"This method invokes the method 'parse' of the library Spirit included in Boost. Returns true if could parse all the input. 
.PP
\fBParameters:\fP
.RS 4
\fIpath_file_input\fP 
.RE
.PP
\fBReturns:\fP
.RS 4
.RE
.PP
This method invokes the method 'parse' of the library Spitir included in Boost. Returns true if could parse all the input. 
.PP
Definition at line 399 of file Parser_AG.cpp.
.PP
References attr_grammar, sem_check, genevalmag::set_attr_grammar(), and genevalmag::set_sem_check().
.PP
Referenced by genevalmag::Maglib::gen_evaluator().
.SS "void genevalmag::Parser_AG::save_grammar_file (const string path_output) const"This method saves all parsed string in a file. The file output is in argument path_output. 
.PP
\fBParameters:\fP
.RS 4
\fIpath_output\fP This method saves all parsed string in a file. The file output is in argument path_output. 
.RE
.PP

.PP
Definition at line 447 of file Parser_AG.cpp.
.PP
References attr_grammar, genevalmag::FILE_GRAMMAR(), and genevalmag::Attr_grammar::to_string().
.PP
Referenced by genevalmag::Maglib::gen_evaluator().
.SH "Member Data Documentation"
.PP 
.SS "\fBgenevalmag::Parser_AG::attr_grammar\fP\fC [private]\fP"
.PP
Internal structure of grammar. 
.PP
Definition at line 39 of file Parser_AG.h.
.PP
Referenced by get_attr_grammar(), parse_grammar(), and save_grammar_file().
.SS "\fBgenevalmag::Parser_AG::sem_check\fP\fC [private]\fP"
.PP
Semantics control for grammar: Well define grammar. 
.PP
Definition at line 44 of file Parser_AG.h.
.PP
Referenced by parse_grammar().

.SH "Author"
.PP 
Generated automatically by Doxygen for maggen from the source code.
