.TH "genevalmag::k_plan" 3 "4 Sep 2010" "Version 1.0" "maggen" \" -*- nroff -*-
.ad l
.nh
.SH NAME
genevalmag::k_plan \- 
.SH SYNOPSIS
.br
.PP
.PP
\fC#include <Builder_plans.h>\fP
.SS "Public Member Functions"

.in +1c
.ti -1c
.RI "bool \fBoperator<\fP (const \fBk_plan\fP &other) const "
.br
.ti -1c
.RI "bool \fBoperator==\fP (const \fBk_plan\fP &other) const "
.br
.ti -1c
.RI "\fBk_plan\fP & \fBoperator=\fP (const \fBk_plan\fP &other)"
.br
.in -1c
.SS "Public Attributes"

.in +1c
.ti -1c
.RI "unsigned short \fBid_plan\fP"
.br
.RI "\fIIndex plan. - index to order superior. \fP"
.ti -1c
.RI "unsigned short \fBplan\fP"
.br
.RI "\fIIndex plan. \fP"
.in -1c
.SH "Detailed Description"
.PP 
This structs represent a Key_plan, that is an id and an equations order evaluation. 
.PP
Definition at line 152 of file Builder_plans.h.
.SH "Member Function Documentation"
.PP 
.SS "bool genevalmag::k_plan::operator< (const \fBk_plan\fP & other) const\fC [inline]\fP"operator< 
.PP
\fBParameters:\fP
.RS 4
\fIother\fP 
.RE
.PP
\fBReturns:\fP
.RS 4
.RE
.PP

.PP
Definition at line 169 of file Builder_plans.h.
.PP
References id_plan, and plan.
.SS "\fBk_plan\fP& genevalmag::k_plan::operator= (const \fBk_plan\fP & other)\fC [inline]\fP"operator= 
.PP
\fBParameters:\fP
.RS 4
\fIother\fP 
.RE
.PP
\fBReturns:\fP
.RS 4
.RE
.PP

.PP
Definition at line 188 of file Builder_plans.h.
.PP
References id_plan, and plan.
.SS "bool genevalmag::k_plan::operator== (const \fBk_plan\fP & other) const\fC [inline]\fP"operator== 
.PP
\fBParameters:\fP
.RS 4
\fIother\fP 
.RE
.PP
\fBReturns:\fP
.RS 4
.RE
.PP

.PP
Definition at line 179 of file Builder_plans.h.
.PP
References id_plan, and plan.
.SH "Member Data Documentation"
.PP 
.SS "\fBgenevalmag::k_plan::id_plan\fP"
.PP
Index plan. - index to order superior. 
.PP
Definition at line 158 of file Builder_plans.h.
.PP
Referenced by genevalmag::generate_key_plan(), genevalmag::Builder_plans::generate_plans(), operator<(), operator=(), and operator==().
.SS "\fBgenevalmag::k_plan::plan\fP"
.PP
Index plan. 
.PP
Definition at line 163 of file Builder_plans.h.
.PP
Referenced by genevalmag::generate_key_plan(), genevalmag::Builder_plans::generate_plans(), operator<(), operator=(), and operator==().

.SH "Author"
.PP 
Generated automatically by Doxygen for maggen from the source code.
