.TH "genevalmag::Equation" 3 "4 Sep 2010" "Version 1.0" "maggen" \" -*- nroff -*-
.ad l
.nh
.SH NAME
genevalmag::Equation \- 
.SH SYNOPSIS
.br
.PP
.PP
\fC#include <Equation.h>\fP
.SS "Public Member Functions"

.in +1c
.ti -1c
.RI "\fBEquation\fP ()"
.br
.ti -1c
.RI "\fBEquation\fP (const \fBEquation\fP &other)"
.br
.ti -1c
.RI "virtual \fB~Equation\fP ()"
.br
.ti -1c
.RI "\fBEquation\fP & \fBoperator=\fP (const \fBEquation\fP &other)"
.br
.ti -1c
.RI "const \fBExpr_instance\fP * \fBget_l_value\fP () const "
.br
.ti -1c
.RI "const \fBExpression\fP * \fBget_r_value\fP () const "
.br
.ti -1c
.RI "const unsigned short \fBget_id\fP () const "
.br
.ti -1c
.RI "void \fBset_id\fP (const unsigned short id)"
.br
.ti -1c
.RI "void \fBset_l_value\fP (const \fBExpr_instance\fP &lvalue)"
.br
.ti -1c
.RI "void \fBset_r_value\fP (const \fBExpression\fP *rvalue)"
.br
.ti -1c
.RI "void \fBinorder_only_leaf\fP (const \fBExpression\fP *head, vector< const \fBExpr_leaf\fP * > &result) const "
.br
.ti -1c
.RI "const vector< const \fBExpr_instance\fP * > \fBget_instance_right_side\fP () const "
.br
.ti -1c
.RI "const string \fBto_string\fP () const "
.br
.ti -1c
.RI "const bool \fBequals\fP (const \fBEquation\fP &other) const "
.br
.ti -1c
.RI "const string \fBkey\fP () const "
.br
.in -1c
.SS "Private Member Functions"

.in +1c
.ti -1c
.RI "void \fBcopy\fP (const \fBEquation\fP &other)"
.br
.ti -1c
.RI "void \fBdestroy\fP ()"
.br
.ti -1c
.RI "unsigned short * \fB_get_count_ref\fP () const "
.br
.ti -1c
.RI "void \fBinorder_only_instance\fP (const \fBExpression\fP *head, vector< const \fBExpr_instance\fP * > &result) const "
.br
.in -1c
.SS "Private Attributes"

.in +1c
.ti -1c
.RI "unsigned short \fBeq_id\fP"
.br
.RI "\fIEquation's identifier. \fP"
.ti -1c
.RI "\fBExpr_instance\fP \fBl_value\fP"
.br
.ti -1c
.RI "const \fBExpression\fP * \fBr_value\fP"
.br
.ti -1c
.RI "unsigned short * \fBcount_ref\fP"
.br
.RI "\fISimilar to a Smart Pointer to manage the release of the memory tree. When this is 0, all memory is freed from the tree. \fP"
.in -1c
.SH "Detailed Description"
.PP 
Definition at line 19 of file Equation.h.
.SH "Constructor & Destructor Documentation"
.PP 
.SS "genevalmag::Equation::Equation ()"Constructor empty of equation. 
.PP
Definition at line 19 of file Equation.cpp.
.SS "genevalmag::Equation::Equation (const \fBEquation\fP & other)"Contructor copy of \fBEquation\fP. 
.PP
\fBParameters:\fP
.RS 4
\fIother\fP 
.RE
.PP
\fBReturns:\fP
.RS 4
.RE
.PP
Contructor copy of \fBEquation\fP. 
.PP
Definition at line 28 of file Equation.cpp.
.SS "genevalmag::Equation::~Equation ()\fC [virtual]\fP"Destructor of equation. 
.PP
Definition at line 36 of file Equation.cpp.
.SH "Member Function Documentation"
.PP 
.SS "unsigned short * genevalmag::Equation::_get_count_ref () const\fC [private]\fP"Returns the count reference. 
.PP
\fBReturns:\fP
.RS 4

.RE
.PP
Return the count reference. 
.PP
Definition at line 89 of file Equation.cpp.
.SS "void genevalmag::Equation::copy (const \fBEquation\fP & other)\fC [private]\fP"Method of copy the equation, STL-like C++. 
.PP
\fBParameters:\fP
.RS 4
\fIother\fP Method of copy the equation, STL-like C++. 
.RE
.PP

.PP
Definition at line 60 of file Equation.cpp.
.SS "void genevalmag::Equation::destroy ()\fC [private]\fP"Method destroy equation, STL-like C++. 
.PP
Definition at line 74 of file Equation.cpp.
.SS "const bool genevalmag::Equation::equals (const \fBEquation\fP & other) const"Compares the equation with other. 
.PP
\fBParameters:\fP
.RS 4
\fIother\fP 
.RE
.PP
\fBReturns:\fP
.RS 4
.RE
.PP
Compares the equation with other. 
.PP
Definition at line 245 of file Equation.cpp.
.SS "const unsigned short genevalmag::Equation::get_id () const"Returns the id of the equation. 
.PP
\fBReturns:\fP
.RS 4

.RE
.PP
Returns the id of the equation. 
.PP
Definition at line 113 of file Equation.cpp.
.SS "const vector< const \fBExpr_instance\fP * > genevalmag::Equation::get_instance_right_side () const"Returns the pointer of the \fBExpression\fP. 
.PP
\fBReturns:\fP
.RS 4

.RE
.PP
Returns the pointer of the \fBExpression\fP. 
.PP
Definition at line 213 of file Equation.cpp.
.SS "const \fBExpr_instance\fP * genevalmag::Equation::get_l_value () const"Returns the l_value of the equation. 
.PP
\fBReturns:\fP
.RS 4

.RE
.PP
Returns the l_value of the equation. 
.PP
Definition at line 97 of file Equation.cpp.
.PP
Referenced by genevalmag::Rule::defined_equation(), genevalmag::Attr_grammar::get_eq_l_value(), and genevalmag::save_rvalue().
.SS "const \fBExpression\fP * genevalmag::Equation::get_r_value () const"Returns the r_value of the equation. 
.PP
\fBReturns:\fP
.RS 4

.RE
.PP
Returns the r_value of the equation. 
.PP
Definition at line 105 of file Equation.cpp.
.SS "void genevalmag::Equation::inorder_only_instance (const \fBExpression\fP * head, vector< const \fBExpr_instance\fP * > & result) const\fC [private]\fP"Traverse the equation tree while saves only the \fBExpr_instance\fP nodes in the vector result. 
.PP
\fBParameters:\fP
.RS 4
\fIhead\fP 
.br
\fIresult\fP Traverse the equation tree while saves only the \fBExpr_instance\fP nodes in the vector result. 
.RE
.PP

.PP
Definition at line 176 of file Equation.cpp.
.SS "void genevalmag::Equation::inorder_only_leaf (const \fBExpression\fP * head, vector< const \fBExpr_leaf\fP * > & result) const"Traverse the equation tree while saves only the \fBExpr_leaf\fP nodes in the vector result. 
.PP
\fBParameters:\fP
.RS 4
\fIhead\fP 
.br
\fIresult\fP Traverse the equation tree while saves only the \fBExpr_leaf\fP nodes in the vector result. 
.RE
.PP

.PP
Definition at line 145 of file Equation.cpp.
.SS "const string genevalmag::Equation::key () const"Generates and returns the string key that identifies an \fBEquation\fP definitely.
.br
 
.br
 Result = <l_value><r_value>
.br
 
.br
 where <l_value> = 'instance_attr' and <r_value> is= 'list of node_ast'
.br
.PP
\fBReturns:\fP
.RS 4
.RE
.PP
Generate and return the string key that identifies an \fBEquation\fP definitely.
.PP
Result = <l_value><r_value>
.PP
where <l_value> = 'instance_attr' and <r_value> is= 'list of node_ast' 
.PP
Definition at line 257 of file Equation.cpp.
.SS "\fBEquation\fP & genevalmag::Equation::operator= (const \fBEquation\fP & other)"Operator assign(=) of \fBEquation\fP. 
.PP
\fBParameters:\fP
.RS 4
\fIother\fP 
.RE
.PP
\fBReturns:\fP
.RS 4
.RE
.PP
Operator assign(=) of \fBEquation\fP. 
.PP
Definition at line 47 of file Equation.cpp.
.SS "void genevalmag::Equation::set_id (const unsigned short id)"Sets the id of the equation. 
.PP
\fBParameters:\fP
.RS 4
\fIid\fP Sets the id of the equation. 
.RE
.PP

.PP
Definition at line 121 of file Equation.cpp.
.PP
Referenced by genevalmag::Rule::add_eq().
.SS "void genevalmag::Equation::set_l_value (const \fBExpr_instance\fP & lvalue)"Sets the left value of the equation. 
.PP
\fBParameters:\fP
.RS 4
\fIlvalue\fP Set the left value of the equation. 
.RE
.PP

.PP
Definition at line 129 of file Equation.cpp.
.PP
Referenced by genevalmag::create_equation().
.SS "void genevalmag::Equation::set_r_value (const \fBExpression\fP * rvalue)"Sets the rigth value of the equation: is a tree. 
.PP
\fBParameters:\fP
.RS 4
\fIrvalue\fP Set the left value of the equation. 
.RE
.PP

.PP
Definition at line 137 of file Equation.cpp.
.PP
Referenced by genevalmag::save_rvalue().
.SS "const string genevalmag::Equation::to_string () const"Generates and returns a string reprensentation of an \fBEquation\fP.
.br
 
.br
 Result = <l_value> '=' <r_value> ';'
.br
 
.br
 where <l_value> = 'instance_attr' and <r_value> is= 'list of node_ast'
.br
.PP
\fBReturns:\fP
.RS 4
.RE
.PP
Generate and return a string reprensentation of an \fBEquation\fP.
.PP
Result= <l_value> '=' <r_value> ';'
.PP
where <l_value> = 'instance_attr' and <r_value> is= 'list of node_ast' 
.PP
Definition at line 227 of file Equation.cpp.
.PP
Referenced by genevalmag::save_rvalue().
.SH "Member Data Documentation"
.PP 
.SS "\fBgenevalmag::Equation::count_ref\fP\fC [private]\fP"
.PP
Similar to a Smart Pointer to manage the release of the memory tree. When this is 0, all memory is freed from the tree. 
.PP
Definition at line 43 of file Equation.h.
.SS "\fBgenevalmag::Equation::eq_id\fP\fC [private]\fP"
.PP
Equation's identifier. Equation's tree expression.
.PP
Equation's left value. 
.PP
Definition at line 26 of file Equation.h.
.SS "\fBExpr_instance\fP \fBgenevalmag::Equation::l_value\fP\fC [private]\fP"
.PP
Definition at line 31 of file Equation.h.
.SS "const \fBExpression\fP* \fBgenevalmag::Equation::r_value\fP\fC [private]\fP"
.PP
Definition at line 36 of file Equation.h.

.SH "Author"
.PP 
Generated automatically by Doxygen for maggen from the source code.
