.TH "genevalmag::cycle_detector" 3 "4 Sep 2010" "Version 1.0" "maggen" \" -*- nroff -*-
.ad l
.nh
.SH NAME
genevalmag::cycle_detector \- 
.SH SYNOPSIS
.br
.PP
.SS "Public Member Functions"

.in +1c
.ti -1c
.RI "\fBcycle_detector\fP (bool &has_cycle, \fBGraph\fP &graph)"
.br
.ti -1c
.RI "template<class Edge , class G > void \fBexamine_edge\fP (Edge u, const G &g)"
.br
.ti -1c
.RI "template<class Edge , class G > void \fBback_edge\fP (Edge u, const G &g)"
.br
.in -1c
.SS "Protected Attributes"

.in +1c
.ti -1c
.RI "bool & \fB_has_cycle\fP"
.br
.ti -1c
.RI "\fBGraph\fP & \fB_graph_cycle\fP"
.br
.in -1c
.SH "Detailed Description"
.PP 
Definition at line 392 of file Builder_graphs.cpp.
.SH "Constructor & Destructor Documentation"
.PP 
.SS "genevalmag::cycle_detector::cycle_detector (bool & has_cycle, \fBGraph\fP & graph)\fC [inline]\fP"
.PP
Definition at line 395 of file Builder_graphs.cpp.
.SH "Member Function Documentation"
.PP 
.SS "template<class Edge , class G > void genevalmag::cycle_detector::back_edge (Edge u, const G & g)\fC [inline]\fP"
.PP
Definition at line 430 of file Builder_graphs.cpp.
.PP
References _has_cycle.
.SS "template<class Edge , class G > void genevalmag::cycle_detector::examine_edge (Edge u, const G & g)\fC [inline]\fP"Re-define method for detect circle when examine each edge: Save ciclic subgraph. 
.PP
Definition at line 401 of file Builder_graphs.cpp.
.PP
References _graph_cycle, _has_cycle, and utilities::return_vertex().
.SH "Member Data Documentation"
.PP 
.SS "\fBGraph\fP& \fBgenevalmag::cycle_detector::_graph_cycle\fP\fC [protected]\fP"
.PP
Definition at line 437 of file Builder_graphs.cpp.
.PP
Referenced by examine_edge().
.SS "bool& \fBgenevalmag::cycle_detector::_has_cycle\fP\fC [protected]\fP"
.PP
Definition at line 436 of file Builder_graphs.cpp.
.PP
Referenced by back_edge(), and examine_edge().

.SH "Author"
.PP 
Generated automatically by Doxygen for maggen from the source code.
