.TH "genevalmag::Symbol" 3 "4 Sep 2010" "Version 1.0" "maggen" \" -*- nroff -*-
.ad l
.nh
.SH NAME
genevalmag::Symbol \- 
.SH SYNOPSIS
.br
.PP
.PP
\fC#include <Symbol.h>\fP
.SS "Public Member Functions"

.in +1c
.ti -1c
.RI "\fBSymbol\fP ()"
.br
.ti -1c
.RI "\fBSymbol\fP (const string &name, const \fBsymbol_type\fP &type)"
.br
.ti -1c
.RI "\fBSymbol\fP (const \fBSymbol\fP &other)"
.br
.ti -1c
.RI "virtual \fB~Symbol\fP ()"
.br
.ti -1c
.RI "\fBSymbol\fP & \fBoperator=\fP (const \fBSymbol\fP &other)"
.br
.ti -1c
.RI "string \fBget_name\fP () const "
.br
.ti -1c
.RI "\fBsymbol_type\fP \fBget_type\fP () const "
.br
.ti -1c
.RI "unsigned short \fBget_id\fP () const "
.br
.ti -1c
.RI "const vector< const \fBAttribute\fP * > & \fBget_attrs\fP () const "
.br
.ti -1c
.RI "const \fBAttribute\fP * \fBget_attribute\fP (const string &name_attr) const "
.br
.ti -1c
.RI "void \fBset_name\fP (const string name)"
.br
.ti -1c
.RI "void \fBset_type\fP (const \fBsymbol_type\fP type)"
.br
.ti -1c
.RI "void \fBset_id\fP (unsigned short id)"
.br
.ti -1c
.RI "void \fBadd_attr\fP (const \fBAttribute\fP *attr)"
.br
.ti -1c
.RI "const bool \fBis_non_terminal\fP () const "
.br
.ti -1c
.RI "string \fBto_string\fP () const "
.br
.ti -1c
.RI "bool \fBequals\fP (const \fBSymbol\fP &other) const "
.br
.ti -1c
.RI "string \fBkey\fP () const "
.br
.in -1c
.SS "Private Member Functions"

.in +1c
.ti -1c
.RI "void \fBcopy\fP (const \fBSymbol\fP &other)"
.br
.ti -1c
.RI "void \fBdestroy\fP ()"
.br
.in -1c
.SS "Private Attributes"

.in +1c
.ti -1c
.RI "string \fBsymb_name\fP"
.br
.RI "\fISymbol's name. \fP"
.ti -1c
.RI "\fBsymbol_type\fP \fBsymb_type\fP"
.br
.RI "\fISymbol's type. \fP"
.ti -1c
.RI "vector< const \fBAttribute\fP * > \fBsymb_attrs\fP"
.br
.RI "\fISymbol's vector attribute. \fP"
.ti -1c
.RI "unsigned short \fBsymb_id\fP"
.br
.RI "\fISymbol's identifier. \fP"
.in -1c
.SH "Detailed Description"
.PP 
Definition at line 29 of file Symbol.h.
.SH "Constructor & Destructor Documentation"
.PP 
.SS "genevalmag::Symbol::Symbol ()"Constructor empty of \fBSymbol\fP. 
.PP
Definition at line 19 of file Symbol.cpp.
.SS "genevalmag::Symbol::Symbol (const string & name, const \fBsymbol_type\fP & type)"Constructor with name and type of \fBSymbol\fP. 
.PP
\fBParameters:\fP
.RS 4
\fIname\fP 
.br
\fItype\fP 
.RE
.PP
\fBReturns:\fP
.RS 4
.RE
.PP
Constructor with name and type of \fBSymbol\fP. 
.PP
Definition at line 26 of file Symbol.cpp.
.PP
References symb_id, symb_name, and symb_type.
.SS "genevalmag::Symbol::Symbol (const \fBSymbol\fP & other)"Constructor copy of \fBSymbol\fP. 
.PP
\fBParameters:\fP
.RS 4
\fIother\fP 
.RE
.PP
\fBReturns:\fP
.RS 4
.RE
.PP
Constructor copy of \fBSymbol\fP. 
.PP
Definition at line 36 of file Symbol.cpp.
.PP
References copy().
.SS "genevalmag::Symbol::~Symbol ()\fC [virtual]\fP"Destructor of \fBSymbol\fP. 
.PP
Definition at line 44 of file Symbol.cpp.
.PP
References destroy().
.SH "Member Function Documentation"
.PP 
.SS "void genevalmag::Symbol::add_attr (const \fBAttribute\fP * attr)"Enqueues a attribute in the list of the \fBSymbol\fP. 
.PP
\fBParameters:\fP
.RS 4
\fIattr\fP Enqueues a attribute in the list of the symbol. 
.RE
.PP

.PP
Definition at line 155 of file Symbol.cpp.
.PP
References symb_attrs.
.PP
Referenced by genevalmag::Attr_grammar::load_attributes().
.SS "void genevalmag::Symbol::copy (const \fBSymbol\fP & other)\fC [private]\fP"Method of copy the symbol, STL-like C++. 
.PP
\fBParameters:\fP
.RS 4
\fIother\fP Method of copy the \fBSymbol\fP, STL-like C++. 
.RE
.PP

.PP
Definition at line 65 of file Symbol.cpp.
.PP
References get_attrs(), get_id(), get_name(), get_type(), symb_attrs, symb_id, symb_name, and symb_type.
.PP
Referenced by operator=(), and Symbol().
.SS "void genevalmag::Symbol::destroy ()\fC [private]\fP"Method destroy symbol, STL-like C++. 
.PP
Definition at line 76 of file Symbol.cpp.
.PP
Referenced by operator=(), and ~Symbol().
.SS "bool genevalmag::Symbol::equals (const \fBSymbol\fP & other) const"Compares the \fBSymbol\fP with other. 
.PP
\fBParameters:\fP
.RS 4
\fIother\fP 
.RE
.PP
\fBReturns:\fP
.RS 4
.RE
.PP
Compares the symbol with other. 
.PP
Definition at line 207 of file Symbol.cpp.
.PP
References key().
.PP
Referenced by genevalmag::Rule::belongs_non_terminal(), genevalmag::check_eq_defines_it(), genevalmag::Rule::count_non_terminal(), genevalmag::Rule::equals(), genevalmag::Builder_visit_sequences::gen_visit_seq(), genevalmag::generate_expr_text(), genevalmag::Builder_visit_sequences::generate_visit_sequences(), genevalmag::Builder_plans::generates_topological_order(), and utilities::project_graph().
.SS "const \fBAttribute\fP * genevalmag::Symbol::get_attribute (const string & name_attr) const"Finds in the list of attribute of the symbol and
.br
 returns the attribute with that name passed as parameter. 
.PP
\fBParameters:\fP
.RS 4
\fIname_attr\fP 
.RE
.PP
\fBReturns:\fP
.RS 4
.RE
.PP
Finds in the list of attribute of the symbol and returns the attribute with that name passed as parameter. 
.PP
Definition at line 116 of file Symbol.cpp.
.PP
References get_name(), and symb_attrs.
.PP
Referenced by genevalmag::save_attr_ins().
.SS "const vector< const \fBAttribute\fP * > & genevalmag::Symbol::get_attrs () const"Returns the list of attributes of the \fBSymbol\fP. 
.PP
\fBReturns:\fP
.RS 4

.RE
.PP
Returns the list of attributes of the symbol. 
.PP
Definition at line 107 of file Symbol.cpp.
.PP
References symb_attrs.
.PP
Referenced by copy().
.SS "unsigned short genevalmag::Symbol::get_id () const"Returns the id of the \fBSymbol\fP. 
.PP
\fBReturns:\fP
.RS 4

.RE
.PP
Returns the id of the symbol. 
.PP
Definition at line 91 of file Symbol.cpp.
.PP
References symb_id.
.PP
Referenced by copy().
.SS "string genevalmag::Symbol::get_name () const"Returns the name of the \fBSymbol\fP. 
.PP
\fBReturns:\fP
.RS 4

.RE
.PP
Returns the name of the symbol. 
.PP
Definition at line 83 of file Symbol.cpp.
.PP
References symb_name.
.PP
Referenced by genevalmag::belong(), genevalmag::Semantics_checks::check_reachability(), copy(), genevalmag::Expr_instance::equals_without_index(), genevalmag::generate_expr_text(), get_attribute(), genevalmag::Expr_instance::key(), genevalmag::k_p_project::operator<(), genevalmag::k_p_project::operator==(), genevalmag::Builder_graphs::save_dcg_graphs(), genevalmag::save_index_ins(), genevalmag::Expr_instance::to_string(), to_string(), genevalmag::Attr_grammar::to_string(), and genevalmag::Rule::to_string_not_eqs().
.SS "\fBsymbol_type\fP genevalmag::Symbol::get_type () const"Returns the type of the \fBSymbol\fP. 
.PP
\fBReturns:\fP
.RS 4

.RE
.PP
Returns the type of the symbol. 
.PP
Definition at line 99 of file Symbol.cpp.
.PP
References symb_type.
.PP
Referenced by copy().
.SS "const bool genevalmag::Symbol::is_non_terminal () const"Returns true if the Symbol's type is Non Terminal. 
.PP
\fBReturns:\fP
.RS 4

.RE
.PP
Returns true if the symbol's type is non-terminal. 
.PP
Definition at line 163 of file Symbol.cpp.
.PP
References genevalmag::k_non_terminal, and symb_type.
.PP
Referenced by genevalmag::Attr_grammar::add_symbol().
.SS "string genevalmag::Symbol::key () const"Generates and returns the string key that identifies a \fBSymbol\fP definitely.
.br
 
.br
 Result= <name>
.br
.PP
\fBReturns:\fP
.RS 4
.RE
.PP
Generates and returns the string key that identifies a symbol definitely.
.PP
Result = name 
.PP
Definition at line 217 of file Symbol.cpp.
.PP
References symb_name.
.PP
Referenced by genevalmag::Builder_graphs::compute_down_graph(), and equals().
.SS "\fBSymbol\fP & genevalmag::Symbol::operator= (const \fBSymbol\fP & other)"Operator assign(=) of \fBSymbol\fP. 
.PP
\fBParameters:\fP
.RS 4
\fIother\fP 
.RE
.PP
\fBReturns:\fP
.RS 4
.RE
.PP
Operator assign(=) of \fBSymbol\fP. 
.PP
Definition at line 52 of file Symbol.cpp.
.PP
References copy(), and destroy().
.SS "void genevalmag::Symbol::set_id (unsigned short id)"Sets the id of the \fBSymbol\fP. 
.PP
\fBParameters:\fP
.RS 4
\fIid\fP Sets the id of the symbol. 
.RE
.PP

.PP
Definition at line 147 of file Symbol.cpp.
.PP
References symb_id.
.SS "void genevalmag::Symbol::set_name (const string name)"Sets the name of the \fBSymbol\fP. 
.PP
\fBParameters:\fP
.RS 4
\fIname\fP Sets the name of the symbol. 
.RE
.PP

.PP
Definition at line 131 of file Symbol.cpp.
.PP
References symb_name.
.SS "void genevalmag::Symbol::set_type (const \fBsymbol_type\fP type)"Sets the type of the \fBSymbol\fP. 
.PP
\fBParameters:\fP
.RS 4
\fItype\fP Sets the type of the symbol. 
.RE
.PP

.PP
Definition at line 139 of file Symbol.cpp.
.PP
References symb_type.
.SS "string genevalmag::Symbol::to_string () const"Generates and returns a string reprensentation of a \fBSymbol\fP.
.br
 
.br
 Result= 'symbol' <name> <type> ';'
.br
 
.br
 where if <type> is Non Terminal, then list the attributes of the symbol.
.br
 
.br
 list = 'Attributes:' attr_1 ',' ... ',' attr_n
.br
.PP
\fBReturns:\fP
.RS 4
.RE
.PP
Generates and returns a string reprensentation of a symbol.
.PP
Result = 'symbol' name type ';'
.PP
where if 'type' is Non Terminal, then list the attributes of the symbol.
.PP
list = 'Attributes:' attr_1 ',' ... ',' attr_n 
.PP
Definition at line 177 of file Symbol.cpp.
.PP
References get_name(), genevalmag::k_non_terminal, genevalmag::k_terminal, symb_attrs, symb_name, and symb_type.
.SH "Member Data Documentation"
.PP 
.SS "\fBgenevalmag::Symbol::symb_attrs\fP\fC [private]\fP"
.PP
Symbol's vector attribute. 
.PP
Definition at line 46 of file Symbol.h.
.PP
Referenced by add_attr(), copy(), get_attribute(), get_attrs(), and to_string().
.SS "\fBgenevalmag::Symbol::symb_id\fP\fC [private]\fP"
.PP
Symbol's identifier. 
.PP
Definition at line 51 of file Symbol.h.
.PP
Referenced by copy(), get_id(), set_id(), and Symbol().
.SS "\fBgenevalmag::Symbol::symb_name\fP\fC [private]\fP"
.PP
Symbol's name. 
.PP
Definition at line 36 of file Symbol.h.
.PP
Referenced by copy(), get_name(), key(), set_name(), Symbol(), and to_string().
.SS "\fBgenevalmag::Symbol::symb_type\fP\fC [private]\fP"
.PP
Symbol's type. 
.PP
Definition at line 41 of file Symbol.h.
.PP
Referenced by copy(), get_type(), is_non_terminal(), set_type(), Symbol(), and to_string().

.SH "Author"
.PP 
Generated automatically by Doxygen for maggen from the source code.
