.TH "genevalmag::Expr_node" 3 "4 Sep 2010" "Version 1.0" "maggen" \" -*- nroff -*-
.ad l
.nh
.SH NAME
genevalmag::Expr_node \- 
.SH SYNOPSIS
.br
.PP
.PP
\fC#include <Expr_node.h>\fP
.PP
Inherits \fBgenevalmag::Expression\fP.
.PP
Inherited by \fBgenevalmag::Expr_function\fP.
.SS "Public Member Functions"

.in +1c
.ti -1c
.RI "\fBExpr_node\fP ()"
.br
.ti -1c
.RI "virtual \fB~Expr_node\fP ()"
.br
.ti -1c
.RI "const vector< \fBExpression\fP * > & \fBget_childs\fP () const "
.br
.ti -1c
.RI "\fBExpression\fP * \fBget_child\fP (int index) const "
.br
.ti -1c
.RI "void \fBreplace_child\fP (int index, \fBExpression\fP *other)"
.br
.ti -1c
.RI "void \fBadd_child\fP (\fBExpression\fP *new_child)"
.br
.ti -1c
.RI "virtual string \fBto_string\fP () const =0"
.br
.in -1c
.SS "Protected Attributes"

.in +1c
.ti -1c
.RI "vector< \fBExpression\fP * > \fBchilds\fP"
.br
.RI "\fIChilds's vector of node. \fP"
.in -1c
.SH "Detailed Description"
.PP 
Definition at line 19 of file Expr_node.h.
.SH "Constructor & Destructor Documentation"
.PP 
.SS "genevalmag::Expr_node::Expr_node ()"Constructor of \fBExpr_node\fP. 
.PP
\fBReturns:\fP
.RS 4

.RE
.PP

.PP
Definition at line 14 of file Expr_node.cpp.
.SS "genevalmag::Expr_node::~Expr_node ()\fC [virtual]\fP"Destructor of \fBExpr_node\fP. 
.PP
\fBReturns:\fP
.RS 4

.RE
.PP
Destructor of \fBExpr_node\fP. 
.PP
Definition at line 19 of file Expr_node.cpp.
.PP
References childs.
.SH "Member Function Documentation"
.PP 
.SS "void genevalmag::Expr_node::add_child (\fBExpression\fP * new_child)"Adds a child in \fBExpr_function\fP.
.br
 Updates the parent of the child. 
.PP
\fBParameters:\fP
.RS 4
\fInew_child\fP Adds a child in \fBExpr_function\fP. Updates the parent of the child. 
.RE
.PP

.PP
Definition at line 57 of file Expr_node.cpp.
.PP
References childs, and genevalmag::Expression::set_parent().
.SS "\fBExpression\fP * genevalmag::Expr_node::get_child (int index) const"Returns the index-child of the \fBExpr_function\fP. 
.PP
\fBParameters:\fP
.RS 4
\fIindex\fP 
.RE
.PP
\fBReturns:\fP
.RS 4
.RE
.PP
Returns the index-child of the \fBExpr_function\fP. 
.PP
Definition at line 38 of file Expr_node.cpp.
.PP
References childs.
.PP
Referenced by genevalmag::generate_expr_text().
.SS "const vector< \fBExpression\fP * > & genevalmag::Expr_node::get_childs () const"Returns the vector with all children of the \fBExpr_function\fP. 
.PP
\fBReturns:\fP
.RS 4

.RE
.PP
Returns the vector with all children of the \fBExpr_function\fP. 
.PP
Definition at line 30 of file Expr_node.cpp.
.PP
References childs.
.PP
Referenced by genevalmag::Expr_function::copy(), and genevalmag::generate_expr_text().
.SS "void genevalmag::Expr_node::replace_child (int index, \fBExpression\fP * other)"Replaces index-child of the \fBExpr_function\fP with other.
.br
 Updates the parent of the child. 
.PP
\fBParameters:\fP
.RS 4
\fIindex\fP 
.br
\fIother\fP Replaces index-child of the \fBExpr_function\fP with other. Updates the parent of the child. 
.RE
.PP

.PP
Definition at line 47 of file Expr_node.cpp.
.PP
References childs, and genevalmag::Expression::set_parent().
.SS "virtual string genevalmag::Expr_node::to_string () const\fC [pure virtual]\fP"Generate and return a string reprensentation of an \fBExpr_node\fP. 
.PP
\fBReturns:\fP
.RS 4

.RE
.PP

.PP
Implements \fBgenevalmag::Expression\fP.
.PP
Implemented in \fBgenevalmag::Expr_function\fP.
.SH "Member Data Documentation"
.PP 
.SS "\fBgenevalmag::Expr_node::childs\fP\fC [protected]\fP"
.PP
Childs's vector of node. 
.PP
Definition at line 26 of file Expr_node.h.
.PP
Referenced by add_child(), genevalmag::Expr_function::copy(), get_child(), get_childs(), replace_child(), genevalmag::Expr_function::to_string(), and ~Expr_node().

.SH "Author"
.PP 
Generated automatically by Doxygen for maggen from the source code.
