.TH "genevalmag::Attribute" 3 "4 Sep 2010" "Version 1.0" "maggen" \" -*- nroff -*-
.ad l
.nh
.SH NAME
genevalmag::Attribute \- 
.SH SYNOPSIS
.br
.PP
.PP
\fC#include <Attribute.h>\fP
.SS "Public Member Functions"

.in +1c
.ti -1c
.RI "\fBAttribute\fP ()"
.br
.ti -1c
.RI "\fBAttribute\fP (const \fBAttribute\fP &other)"
.br
.ti -1c
.RI "virtual \fB~Attribute\fP ()"
.br
.ti -1c
.RI "\fBAttribute\fP & \fBoperator=\fP (const \fBAttribute\fP &other)"
.br
.ti -1c
.RI "const string \fBget_name\fP () const "
.br
.ti -1c
.RI "const \fBSort\fP * \fBget_sort_type\fP () const "
.br
.ti -1c
.RI "const \fBtype_attr\fP \fBget_mod_type\fP () const "
.br
.ti -1c
.RI "const string \fBget_member_symbol\fP () const "
.br
.ti -1c
.RI "void \fBset_name\fP (const string name)"
.br
.ti -1c
.RI "void \fBset_sort_type\fP (const \fBSort\fP *sort_type)"
.br
.ti -1c
.RI "void \fBset_mod_type\fP (const \fBtype_attr\fP mod_type)"
.br
.ti -1c
.RI "void \fBset_member_symbol\fP (const string member_symbol)"
.br
.ti -1c
.RI "const bool \fBis_synthetize\fP () const "
.br
.ti -1c
.RI "const bool \fBis_inherit\fP () const "
.br
.ti -1c
.RI "const string \fBto_string\fP () const "
.br
.ti -1c
.RI "const bool \fBequals\fP (const \fBAttribute\fP &other) const "
.br
.ti -1c
.RI "const string \fBkey\fP () const "
.br
.in -1c
.SS "Private Member Functions"

.in +1c
.ti -1c
.RI "void \fBcopy\fP (const \fBAttribute\fP &other)"
.br
.ti -1c
.RI "void \fBdestroy\fP ()"
.br
.in -1c
.SS "Private Attributes"

.in +1c
.ti -1c
.RI "string \fBa_name\fP"
.br
.RI "\fIAttribute's name. \fP"
.ti -1c
.RI "const \fBSort\fP * \fBa_sort_type\fP"
.br
.RI "\fIAttribute's type sort. \fP"
.ti -1c
.RI "\fBtype_attr\fP \fBa_mod_type\fP"
.br
.RI "\fIAttribute's type. \fP"
.ti -1c
.RI "string \fBa_member_symbol\fP"
.br
.RI "\fIAttribute's member list. \fP"
.in -1c
.SH "Detailed Description"
.PP 
Definition at line 26 of file Attribute.h.
.SH "Constructor & Destructor Documentation"
.PP 
.SS "genevalmag::Attribute::Attribute ()"Constructor empty of attribute. 
.PP
Definition at line 20 of file Attribute.cpp.
.SS "genevalmag::Attribute::Attribute (const \fBAttribute\fP & other)"Constructor copy of attribute. 
.PP
\fBParameters:\fP
.RS 4
\fIother\fP 
.RE
.PP
\fBReturns:\fP
.RS 4
.RE
.PP
Constructor copy of attribute. 
.PP
Definition at line 27 of file Attribute.cpp.
.PP
References copy().
.SS "genevalmag::Attribute::~Attribute ()\fC [virtual]\fP"Destructor of attribute. 
.PP
Definition at line 35 of file Attribute.cpp.
.PP
References destroy().
.SH "Member Function Documentation"
.PP 
.SS "void genevalmag::Attribute::copy (const \fBAttribute\fP & other)\fC [private]\fP"Method of copy the attribute, STL-like C++. 
.PP
\fBParameters:\fP
.RS 4
\fIother\fP Method of copy the attribute, STL-like. 
.RE
.PP

.PP
Definition at line 56 of file Attribute.cpp.
.PP
References a_member_symbol, a_mod_type, a_name, a_sort_type, get_member_symbol(), get_mod_type(), get_name(), and get_sort_type().
.PP
Referenced by Attribute(), and operator=().
.SS "void genevalmag::Attribute::destroy ()\fC [private]\fP"Method destroy attribute, STL-like C++.
.PP
Method destroy the attribute, STL-like. 
.PP
Definition at line 67 of file Attribute.cpp.
.PP
Referenced by operator=(), and ~Attribute().
.SS "const bool genevalmag::Attribute::equals (const \fBAttribute\fP & other) const"Compares the attribute with other. 
.PP
\fBParameters:\fP
.RS 4
\fIother\fP 
.RE
.PP
\fBReturns:\fP
.RS 4
.RE
.PP
Compares the attribute with other. 
.PP
Definition at line 181 of file Attribute.cpp.
.PP
References key().
.PP
Referenced by genevalmag::check_eq_defines_it().
.SS "const string genevalmag::Attribute::get_member_symbol () const"Returns the membership list of the attribute. 
.PP
\fBReturns:\fP
.RS 4

.RE
.PP
Return the membership list of the attribute. 
.PP
Definition at line 98 of file Attribute.cpp.
.PP
References a_member_symbol.
.PP
Referenced by copy().
.SS "const \fBtype_attr\fP genevalmag::Attribute::get_mod_type () const"Returns the modifiers of the attribute. 
.PP
\fBReturns:\fP
.RS 4

.RE
.PP
Return the modifiers of the attribute. 
.PP
Definition at line 90 of file Attribute.cpp.
.PP
References a_mod_type.
.PP
Referenced by copy().
.SS "const string genevalmag::Attribute::get_name () const"Returns the name of the attribute. 
.PP
\fBReturns:\fP
.RS 4

.RE
.PP
Return the name of the attribute. 
.PP
Definition at line 74 of file Attribute.cpp.
.PP
References a_name.
.PP
Referenced by copy(), genevalmag::Expr_instance::equals_without_index(), genevalmag::generate_expr_text(), genevalmag::Expr_instance::key(), and genevalmag::Expr_instance::to_string().
.SS "const \fBSort\fP * genevalmag::Attribute::get_sort_type () const"Returns the sort type of the attribute. 
.PP
\fBReturns:\fP
.RS 4

.RE
.PP
Return the sort type of the attribute. 
.PP
Definition at line 82 of file Attribute.cpp.
.PP
References a_sort_type.
.PP
Referenced by copy(), genevalmag::create_instance_node(), and genevalmag::save_rvalue().
.SS "const bool genevalmag::Attribute::is_inherit () const"Returns true if the modifiers of the attribute is inherit. 
.PP
\fBReturns:\fP
.RS 4

.RE
.PP
Return true if the modifiers of the attribute is inherit. 
.PP
Definition at line 146 of file Attribute.cpp.
.PP
References a_mod_type, and genevalmag::k_inherit.
.PP
Referenced by genevalmag::Builder_visit_sequences::gen_visit_seq(), and genevalmag::Builder_plans::generates_topological_order().
.SS "const bool genevalmag::Attribute::is_synthetize () const"Returns true if the modifiers of the attribute is synthetize. 
.PP
\fBReturns:\fP
.RS 4

.RE
.PP
Return true if the modifiers of the attribute is synthetized. 
.PP
Definition at line 138 of file Attribute.cpp.
.PP
References a_mod_type, and genevalmag::k_synthetize.
.PP
Referenced by genevalmag::Builder_visit_sequences::gen_visit_seq(), genevalmag::Attr_grammar::get_index_eq_with_context(), and to_string().
.SS "const string genevalmag::Attribute::key () const"Generates and returns the string key that identifies a attribute definitely.
.br
 
.br
 Result = name modifiers sort_type membership_list
.br
.PP
\fBReturns:\fP
.RS 4
.RE
.PP
Generate and return the string key that identifies a attribute definitely.
.PP
Result= name modifiers sort_type membership_list 
.PP
Definition at line 191 of file Attribute.cpp.
.PP
References a_member_symbol, a_name, a_sort_type, and genevalmag::Sort::get_name().
.PP
Referenced by equals().
.SS "\fBAttribute\fP & genevalmag::Attribute::operator= (const \fBAttribute\fP & other)"Operator assign(=) of attribute. 
.PP
\fBParameters:\fP
.RS 4
\fIother\fP 
.RE
.PP
\fBReturns:\fP
.RS 4
.RE
.PP
Operator assign(=) of attribute. 
.PP
Definition at line 43 of file Attribute.cpp.
.PP
References copy(), and destroy().
.SS "void genevalmag::Attribute::set_member_symbol (const string member_symbol)"Sets the membership list of the attribute. 
.PP
\fBParameters:\fP
.RS 4
\fImember_symbol\fP Set the membership list of the attribute. 
.RE
.PP

.PP
Definition at line 130 of file Attribute.cpp.
.PP
References a_member_symbol.
.PP
Referenced by genevalmag::create_attributes().
.SS "void genevalmag::Attribute::set_mod_type (const \fBtype_attr\fP mod_type)"Sets the modifiers of the attribute. 
.PP
\fBParameters:\fP
.RS 4
\fImod_type\fP Set the modifiers of the attribute. 
.RE
.PP

.PP
Definition at line 122 of file Attribute.cpp.
.PP
References a_mod_type.
.PP
Referenced by genevalmag::create_attributes().
.SS "void genevalmag::Attribute::set_name (const string name)"Sets the name of the attribute. 
.PP
\fBParameters:\fP
.RS 4
\fIname\fP Set the name of the attribute. 
.RE
.PP

.PP
Definition at line 106 of file Attribute.cpp.
.PP
References a_name.
.PP
Referenced by genevalmag::create_attributes().
.SS "void genevalmag::Attribute::set_sort_type (const \fBSort\fP * sort_type)"Sets the sort type of the attribute. 
.PP
\fBParameters:\fP
.RS 4
\fIsort_type\fP Set the sort type of the attribute. 
.RE
.PP

.PP
Definition at line 114 of file Attribute.cpp.
.PP
References a_sort_type.
.PP
Referenced by genevalmag::create_attributes().
.SS "const string genevalmag::Attribute::to_string () const"Generates and returns a string reprensentation of a attribute.
.br
 
.br
 Result = name ':' modifiers '<' sort_type ['(' instance ')' IF DEBUG IS ON] '> of ' membership_list
.br
 
.br
 
.PP
\fBReturns:\fP
.RS 4

.RE
.PP
Generate and return a string reprensentation of a attribute.
.PP
Result= name ':' modifiers '<' sort_type ['(' instance ')' IF DEBUG IS ON] '> of ' membership_list 
.PP
Definition at line 156 of file Attribute.cpp.
.PP
References a_member_symbol, a_name, a_sort_type, genevalmag::Sort::get_name(), and is_synthetize().
.SH "Member Data Documentation"
.PP 
.SS "\fBgenevalmag::Attribute::a_member_symbol\fP\fC [private]\fP"
.PP
Attribute's member list. 
.PP
Definition at line 48 of file Attribute.h.
.PP
Referenced by copy(), get_member_symbol(), key(), set_member_symbol(), and to_string().
.SS "\fBgenevalmag::Attribute::a_mod_type\fP\fC [private]\fP"
.PP
Attribute's type. 
.PP
Definition at line 43 of file Attribute.h.
.PP
Referenced by copy(), get_mod_type(), is_inherit(), is_synthetize(), and set_mod_type().
.SS "\fBgenevalmag::Attribute::a_name\fP\fC [private]\fP"
.PP
Attribute's name. 
.PP
Definition at line 33 of file Attribute.h.
.PP
Referenced by copy(), get_name(), key(), set_name(), and to_string().
.SS "\fBgenevalmag::Attribute::a_sort_type\fP\fC [private]\fP"
.PP
Attribute's type sort. 
.PP
Definition at line 38 of file Attribute.h.
.PP
Referenced by copy(), get_sort_type(), key(), set_sort_type(), and to_string().

.SH "Author"
.PP 
Generated automatically by Doxygen for maggen from the source code.
