.TH "genevalmag::Builder_visit_sequences" 3 "4 Sep 2010" "Version 1.0" "maggen" \" -*- nroff -*-
.ad l
.nh
.SH NAME
genevalmag::Builder_visit_sequences \- 
.SH SYNOPSIS
.br
.PP
.PP
\fC#include <Builder_visit_sequences.h>\fP
.SS "Public Member Functions"

.in +1c
.ti -1c
.RI "\fBBuilder_visit_sequences\fP (const \fBBuilder_plans\fP &builder_plan, const \fBAttr_grammar\fP &attribute_grammar)"
.br
.ti -1c
.RI "virtual \fB~Builder_visit_sequences\fP ()"
.br
.ti -1c
.RI "bool \fBgenerate_visit_sequences\fP ()"
.br
.ti -1c
.RI "const vector< \fBVisit_seq\fP > & \fBget_visit_seq\fP () const "
.br
.ti -1c
.RI "void \fBprint_all_visit_sequences\fP () const "
.br
.in -1c
.SS "Private Member Functions"

.in +1c
.ti -1c
.RI "bool \fBgen_visit_seq\fP (const map< \fBKey_plan\fP, unsigned short >::const_iterator &it_plan, vector< \fBExpr_instance\fP > &ins_computed, vector< map< \fBKey_plan\fP, unsigned short >::const_iterator > &plans_computed, const vector< unsigned short > &v_seq_computed)"
.br
.ti -1c
.RI "void \fBupdate_visit_sequence\fP (const \fBVisit_seq\fP &sequence, const size_t i_plan)"
.br
.in -1c
.SS "Private Attributes"

.in +1c
.ti -1c
.RI "const \fBBuilder_plans\fP & \fBb_plans\fP"
.br
.RI "\fIReferences to all plans generates. \fP"
.ti -1c
.RI "const \fBAttr_grammar\fP & \fBattr_grammar\fP"
.br
.RI "\fIReferences to the attribute grammar. \fP"
.ti -1c
.RI "vector< \fBVisit_seq\fP > \fBall_visit_seqs\fP"
.br
.RI "\fIStores all visit sequences generates. \fP"
.in -1c
.SH "Detailed Description"
.PP 
Definition at line 30 of file Builder_visit_sequences.h.
.SH "Constructor & Destructor Documentation"
.PP 
.SS "genevalmag::Builder_visit_sequences::Builder_visit_sequences (const \fBBuilder_plans\fP & builder_plan, const \fBAttr_grammar\fP & attribute_grammar)"Contructor empty of \fBBuilder_visit_sequences\fP. 
.PP
\fBParameters:\fP
.RS 4
\fIbuilder_plan\fP 
.br
\fIattribute_grammar\fP 
.RE
.PP
\fBReturns:\fP
.RS 4
.RE
.PP
Contructor empty of \fBBuilder_visit_sequences\fP. 
.PP
Definition at line 26 of file Builder_visit_sequences.cpp.
.SS "genevalmag::Builder_visit_sequences::~Builder_visit_sequences ()\fC [virtual]\fP"Destructor of \fBBuilder_visit_sequences\fP. 
.PP
\fBReturns:\fP
.RS 4

.RE
.PP
Destructor of \fBBuilder_visit_sequences\fP. 
.PP
Definition at line 38 of file Builder_visit_sequences.cpp.
.SH "Member Function Documentation"
.PP 
.SS "bool genevalmag::Builder_visit_sequences::gen_visit_seq (const map< \fBKey_plan\fP, unsigned short >::const_iterator & it_plan, vector< \fBExpr_instance\fP > & ins_computed, vector< map< \fBKey_plan\fP, unsigned short >::const_iterator > & plans_computed, const vector< unsigned short > & v_seq_computed)\fC [private]\fP"Generates recursively the visit sequence, navigating the tree as indicated by the plans, visiting the children, returning to the parent or generating a compute attribute.
.PP
\fBParameters:\fP
.RS 4
\fIit_plan\fP 
.br
\fIins_computed\fP 
.br
\fIplans_computed\fP 
.br
\fIv_seq_computed\fP 
.RE
.PP
\fBReturns:\fP
.RS 4
.RE
.PP
Generates recursively the visit sequence, navigating the tree as indicated by the plans, visiting the children, returning to the parent or generating a compute attribute. 
.PP
Definition at line 162 of file Builder_visit_sequences.cpp.
.PP
References genevalmag::attr_grammar, utilities::belong_index(), genevalmag::belong_it(), genevalmag::Symbol::equals(), genevalmag::Expr_instance::get_attr(), genevalmag::Rule::get_eq(), genevalmag::get_inherits_of(), genevalmag::Rule::get_left_symbol(), genevalmag::Rule::get_non_terminals_right_side(), genevalmag::Expr_instance::get_num(), genevalmag::Attr_grammar::get_rule(), genevalmag::Expr_instance::get_symb(), genevalmag::k_p_project::id_plan_project, genevalmag::k_p_project::index_ocurrence, genevalmag::ins_attr_computed(), genevalmag::Attribute::is_inherit(), genevalmag::Attribute::is_synthetize(), genevalmag::LEAVE(), genevalmag::merge_vec(), genevalmag::merge_vec_without_plan(), genevalmag::plan_family_computed(), and genevalmag::k_p_project::symbol_project.
.PP
Referenced by generate_visit_sequences().
.SS "bool genevalmag::Builder_visit_sequences::generate_visit_sequences ()"Generates a visit sequence for each evaluation plan. 
.PP
\fBReturns:\fP
.RS 4

.RE
.PP
Generates a visit sequence for each evaluation plan. 
.PP
Definition at line 358 of file Builder_visit_sequences.cpp.
.PP
References all_visit_seqs, attr_grammar, b_plans, utilities::belong_index(), genevalmag::Symbol::equals(), gen_visit_seq(), genevalmag::Builder_plans::get_context_unique(), genevalmag::Attr_grammar::get_initial_symb(), genevalmag::Rule::get_left_symbol(), genevalmag::Builder_plans::get_plans(), genevalmag::Builder_plans::get_plans_uniques(), genevalmag::Attr_grammar::get_rule(), genevalmag::merge_vec(), and genevalmag::plan_family_computed().
.SS "const vector< \fBVisit_seq\fP > & genevalmag::Builder_visit_sequences::get_visit_seq () const"Returns the vector with all visit sequences generates. 
.PP
\fBReturns:\fP
.RS 4

.RE
.PP
Returns the vector with all visit sequences generates. 
.PP
Definition at line 393 of file Builder_visit_sequences.cpp.
.PP
References all_visit_seqs.
.PP
Referenced by genevalmag::Builder_code::generate_initialize_v_seq().
.SS "void genevalmag::Builder_visit_sequences::print_all_visit_sequences () const"Print in console, all visit sequences generates. 
.PP
Definition at line 401 of file Builder_visit_sequences.cpp.
.PP
References all_visit_seqs.
.SS "void genevalmag::Builder_visit_sequences::update_visit_sequence (const \fBVisit_seq\fP & sequence, const size_t i_plan)\fC [private]\fP"Updates the visit sequence generate, mixing with pre-generated visit sequences. 
.PP
\fBParameters:\fP
.RS 4
\fIsequence\fP 
.br
\fIi_plan\fP Update the visit sequence generate, mixing with pre-generated visit sequences. 
.RE
.PP

.PP
Definition at line 317 of file Builder_visit_sequences.cpp.
.PP
References all_visit_seqs.
.SH "Member Data Documentation"
.PP 
.SS "\fBgenevalmag::Builder_visit_sequences::all_visit_seqs\fP\fC [private]\fP"
.PP
Stores all visit sequences generates. 
.PP
Definition at line 49 of file Builder_visit_sequences.h.
.PP
Referenced by generate_visit_sequences(), get_visit_seq(), print_all_visit_sequences(), and update_visit_sequence().
.SS "\fBgenevalmag::Builder_visit_sequences::attr_grammar\fP\fC [private]\fP"
.PP
References to the attribute grammar. 
.PP
Definition at line 43 of file Builder_visit_sequences.h.
.PP
Referenced by generate_visit_sequences().
.SS "\fBgenevalmag::Builder_visit_sequences::b_plans\fP\fC [private]\fP"
.PP
References to all plans generates. 
.PP
Definition at line 37 of file Builder_visit_sequences.h.
.PP
Referenced by generate_visit_sequences().

.SH "Author"
.PP 
Generated automatically by Doxygen for maggen from the source code.
