.TH "utilities" 3 "4 Sep 2010" "Version 1.0" "maggen" \" -*- nroff -*-
.ad l
.nh
.SH NAME
utilities \- 
.SH SYNOPSIS
.br
.PP
.SS "Functions"

.in +1c
.ti -1c
.RI "bool \fBcreate_folder\fP (const string path)"
.br
.ti -1c
.RI "bool \fBclean_output_folder\fP (const string path)"
.br
.ti -1c
.RI "bool \fBcopy_static_code\fP (const string path_d, const string path_s)"
.br
.ti -1c
.RI "void \fBgenerate_names_instance\fP (const Graph &graph, string datas[], size_t size_d)"
.br
.ti -1c
.RI "void \fBgenerate_names_attr\fP (const Graph &graph, string datas[], size_t size_d)"
.br
.ti -1c
.RI "void \fBprint_graph\fP (const Graph &graph, const string path, const string name_file, const string name_graph, const string names[], string shape_vertex)"
.br
.ti -1c
.RI "Vertex \fBreturn_vertex\fP (const Graph &graph, const \fBExpr_leaf\fP *node)"
.br
.ti -1c
.RI "void \fBmerge_graph\fP (const Graph &graph1, const Graph &graph2, Graph &graph_merged)"
.br
.ti -1c
.RI "void \fBproject_graph\fP (const \fBSymbol\fP *symb, Graph &graph)"
.br
.ti -1c
.RI "string \fBcleaning_tabs\fP (const string str)"
.br
.ti -1c
.RI "string \fBwrite_inf_context\fP (const vector< unsigned short > &context_vec)"
.br
.ti -1c
.RI "bool \fBbelong_index\fP (const unsigned short &index, const vector< unsigned short > &vec)"
.br
.in -1c
.SH "Function Documentation"
.PP 
.SS "bool utilities::belong_index (const unsigned short & index, const vector< unsigned short > & vec)"Seachs a index in a vector. 
.PP
\fBParameters:\fP
.RS 4
\fIindex\fP 
.br
\fIvec\fP 
.RE
.PP
\fBReturns:\fP
.RS 4
.RE
.PP

.PP
Definition at line 211 of file Utilities.cpp.
.PP
Referenced by genevalmag::Builder_visit_sequences::gen_visit_seq(), genevalmag::Builder_visit_sequences::generate_visit_sequences(), genevalmag::plan_family_computed(), and genevalmag::purge_plan_with().
.SS "bool utilities::clean_output_folder (const string path)"Remove and create the output folder of files .dot and .png. 
.PP
\fBParameters:\fP
.RS 4
\fIpath\fP 
.RE
.PP
\fBReturns:\fP
.RS 4
.RE
.PP
Remove and create the output folder of files .dot and .png. 
.PP
Definition at line 41 of file Utilities.cpp.
.PP
References create_folder().
.PP
Referenced by genevalmag::Maglib::gen_evaluator(), genevalmag::Builder_graphs::save_adp_graphs(), genevalmag::Builder_graphs::save_all_graphs(), genevalmag::Builder_plans::save_all_plans(), genevalmag::Builder_plans::save_all_plans_project(), genevalmag::Builder_graphs::save_cyclic_graphs(), genevalmag::Builder_graphs::save_dcg_graphs(), genevalmag::Builder_graphs::save_down_graphs(), and genevalmag::Builder_graphs::save_dp_graphs().
.SS "string utilities::cleaning_tabs (const string str)"Remove tabs and replace for spaces. 
.PP
\fBParameters:\fP
.RS 4
\fIstr\fP 
.RE
.PP
\fBReturns:\fP
.RS 4
.RE
.PP
Remove tabs and replace for spaces. 
.PP
Definition at line 226 of file Utilities.cpp.
.PP
Referenced by genevalmag::create_instance(), genevalmag::Builder_code::generate_all_methods_eqs(), genevalmag::Builder_graphs::save_adp_graphs(), genevalmag::Builder_plans::save_all_plans(), genevalmag::Builder_plans::save_all_plans_project(), genevalmag::Builder_graphs::save_cyclic_graphs(), genevalmag::Builder_graphs::save_dcg_graphs(), genevalmag::Builder_graphs::save_dp_graphs(), and genevalmag::save_rvalue().
.SS "bool utilities::copy_static_code (const string path_d, const string path_s)"Copies the static file to the generation path. 
.PP
\fBParameters:\fP
.RS 4
\fIpath_d\fP 
.br
\fIpath_s\fP 
.RE
.PP
\fBReturns:\fP
.RS 4
.RE
.PP
Copies the static file to the generation path. 
.PP
Definition at line 57 of file Utilities.cpp.
.PP
Referenced by genevalmag::Builder_code::generate_code().
.SS "bool utilities::create_folder (const string path)"Create the folder passed as parameter. 
.PP
\fBParameters:\fP
.RS 4
\fIpath\fP 
.RE
.PP
\fBReturns:\fP
.RS 4
.RE
.PP
Create the folder passed as parameter. 
.PP
Definition at line 26 of file Utilities.cpp.
.PP
Referenced by clean_output_folder().
.SS "void utilities::generate_names_attr (const Graph & graph, string datas[], size_t size_d)"Generates the names of vertex for down graph. (The vertex's name is an attribute). 
.PP
\fBParameters:\fP
.RS 4
\fIgraph\fP 
.br
\fIdatas\fP 
.br
\fIsize_d\fP Generates the names of vertex for down graph. (The vertex's name is an attribute). 
.RE
.PP

.PP
Definition at line 88 of file Utilities.cpp.
.PP
Referenced by genevalmag::Builder_graphs::save_down_graphs().
.SS "void utilities::generate_names_instance (const Graph & graph, string datas[], size_t size_d)"Generates the names of vertex. (The vertex's name is an instance). 
.PP
\fBParameters:\fP
.RS 4
\fIgraph\fP 
.br
\fIdatas\fP 
.br
\fIsize_d\fP Generates the names of vertex. (The vertex's name is an instance). 
.RE
.PP

.PP
Definition at line 75 of file Utilities.cpp.
.PP
Referenced by genevalmag::Builder_graphs::save_adp_graphs(), genevalmag::Builder_graphs::save_cyclic_graphs(), genevalmag::Builder_graphs::save_dcg_graphs(), and genevalmag::Builder_graphs::save_dp_graphs().
.SS "void utilities::merge_graph (const Graph & graph1, const Graph & graph2, Graph & graph_merged)"Joins graph1 and graph2 in graph_merged. 
.PP
\fBParameters:\fP
.RS 4
\fIgraph1\fP 
.br
\fIgraph2\fP 
.br
\fIgraph_merged\fP Joins graph1 and graph2 in graph_merged. 
.RE
.PP

.PP
Definition at line 152 of file Utilities.cpp.
.PP
References return_vertex().
.PP
Referenced by genevalmag::Builder_graphs::combined_inf_contexts(), genevalmag::Builder_graphs::complete_dp_graphs(), genevalmag::Builder_graphs::compute_dcg(), and genevalmag::Builder_graphs::compute_down_graph().
.SS "void utilities::print_graph (const Graph & graph, const string path, const string name_file, const string name_graph, const string names[], string shape_vertex)"Prints a graph in a file .dot for generate image .spng. 
.PP
\fBParameters:\fP
.RS 4
\fIgraph\fP 
.br
\fIpath\fP 
.br
\fIname_file\fP 
.br
\fIname_graph\fP 
.br
\fInames\fP 
.br
\fIshape_vertex\fP Prints a graph in a file .dot for generate image .spng. 
.RE
.PP

.PP
Definition at line 102 of file Utilities.cpp.
.PP
Referenced by genevalmag::Builder_graphs::save_adp_graphs(), genevalmag::Builder_plans::save_all_plans(), genevalmag::Builder_plans::save_all_plans_project(), genevalmag::Builder_graphs::save_cyclic_graphs(), genevalmag::Builder_graphs::save_dcg_graphs(), genevalmag::Builder_graphs::save_down_graphs(), and genevalmag::Builder_graphs::save_dp_graphs().
.SS "void utilities::project_graph (const \fBSymbol\fP * symb, Graph & graph)"Projects a graph with only vertex that belongs to symbol 'symb'. Modifies the parameter 'graph'. 
.PP
\fBParameters:\fP
.RS 4
\fIsymb\fP 
.br
\fIgraph\fP Projects a graph with only vertex that belongs to symbol 'symb'. Modifies the parameter 'graph'. 
.RE
.PP

.PP
Definition at line 192 of file Utilities.cpp.
.PP
References genevalmag::Symbol::equals(), genevalmag::Expr_instance::get_num(), and genevalmag::Expr_instance::get_symb().
.PP
Referenced by genevalmag::Builder_graphs::compute_dcg(), and genevalmag::Builder_graphs::compute_down_graph().
.SS "Vertex utilities::return_vertex (const Graph & graph, const \fBExpr_leaf\fP * node)"Given a graph and node, returns the vertex descriptor of node in the graph. If not search it, so returns USHRT_MAX. 
.PP
\fBParameters:\fP
.RS 4
\fIgraph\fP 
.br
\fInode\fP 
.RE
.PP
\fBReturns:\fP
.RS 4
.RE
.PP
Given a graph and node, returns the vertex descriptor of node in the graph. If not search it, so returns USHRT_MAX. 
.PP
Definition at line 138 of file Utilities.cpp.
.PP
References genevalmag::Expr_leaf::equals().
.PP
Referenced by genevalmag::Builder_graphs::compute_attr_vertex(), genevalmag::Builder_graphs::compute_dependency_graphs(), genevalmag::Builder_plans::compute_order(), genevalmag::cycle_detector::examine_edge(), and merge_graph().
.SS "string utilities::write_inf_context (const vector< unsigned short > & context_vec)"Writes inferior contex in a string and returns it. 
.PP
\fBParameters:\fP
.RS 4
\fIcontext_vec\fP 
.RE
.PP
\fBReturns:\fP
.RS 4
.RE
.PP

.PP
Definition at line 236 of file Utilities.cpp.
.PP
Referenced by genevalmag::Builder_graphs::save_adp_graphs(), genevalmag::Builder_plans::save_all_plans(), genevalmag::Builder_plans::save_all_plans_project(), and genevalmag::Builder_graphs::save_cyclic_graphs().
.SH "Author"
.PP 
Generated automatically by Doxygen for maggen from the source code.
