.TH "genevalmag::Maglib" 3 "4 Sep 2010" "Version 1.0" "maggen" \" -*- nroff -*-
.ad l
.nh
.SH NAME
genevalmag::Maglib \- 
.SH SYNOPSIS
.br
.PP
.PP
\fC#include <Maglib.h>\fP
.SS "Public Member Functions"

.in +1c
.ti -1c
.RI "\fBMaglib\fP ()"
.br
.ti -1c
.RI "virtual \fB~Maglib\fP ()"
.br
.ti -1c
.RI "int \fBgen_evaluator\fP (const string path_input_file, const string path_folder_output, const string name_library, const vector< string > &headers, const string path) const "
.br
.in -1c
.SH "Detailed Description"
.PP 
Definition at line 19 of file Maglib.h.
.SH "Constructor & Destructor Documentation"
.PP 
.SS "genevalmag::Maglib::Maglib ()"Contructor empty of Mag_lib. 
.PP
Definition at line 26 of file Maglib.cpp.
.SS "genevalmag::Maglib::~Maglib ()\fC [virtual]\fP"Destructor empty of Mag_lib. 
.PP
Definition at line 33 of file Maglib.cpp.
.SH "Member Function Documentation"
.PP 
.SS "int genevalmag::Maglib::gen_evaluator (const string path_input_file, const string path_folder_output, const string name_library, const vector< string > & headers, const string path) const"Generates the static evaluator's files for the \fBAttribute\fP grammar specificated in the input_path_file passed as parameter. All outputs of the library be saved in the path_folder_output. The evaluator classname is defined by name_library. The user could include somes headers for uses externs functions to evaluator.
.PP
\fBParameters:\fP
.RS 4
\fIpath_input_file\fP 
.br
\fIpath_folder_output\fP 
.br
\fIname_library\fP 
.br
\fIheaders\fP 
.br
\fIpath\fP 
.RE
.PP
\fBReturns:\fP
.RS 4
.RE
.PP
Generates the static evaluator's files for the \fBAttribute\fP grammar specificated in the input_path_file passed as parameter. All outputs of the library be saved in the path_folder_output. The evaluator classname is defined by name_library. The user could include somes headers for uses externs functions to evaluator. 
.PP
Definition at line 45 of file Maglib.cpp.
.PP
References utilities::clean_output_folder(), genevalmag::Parser_AG::get_attr_grammar(), genevalmag::Parser_AG::parse_grammar(), and genevalmag::Parser_AG::save_grammar_file().
.PP
Referenced by main().

.SH "Author"
.PP 
Generated automatically by Doxygen for maggen from the source code.
