.TH "genevalmag::i_w" 3 "4 Sep 2010" "Version 1.0" "maggen" \" -*- nroff -*-
.ad l
.nh
.SH NAME
genevalmag::i_w \- 
.SH SYNOPSIS
.br
.PP
.PP
\fC#include <Builder_plans.h>\fP
.SS "Public Member Functions"

.in +1c
.ti -1c
.RI "bool \fBoperator==\fP (const \fBi_w\fP &other) const "
.br
.ti -1c
.RI "\fBi_w\fP & \fBoperator=\fP (const \fBi_w\fP &other)"
.br
.in -1c
.SS "Public Attributes"

.in +1c
.ti -1c
.RI "\fBKey_work_list\fP \fBitem\fP"
.br
.RI "\fIA key_work_list. \fP"
.ti -1c
.RI "unsigned short \fBorder_attr\fP"
.br
.RI "\fIOrder of ecuation. \fP"
.in -1c
.SH "Detailed Description"
.PP 
This struct represents an Item work, that is an Key_work_list and an equations order evaluation. 
.PP
Definition at line 114 of file Builder_plans.h.
.SH "Member Function Documentation"
.PP 
.SS "\fBi_w\fP& genevalmag::i_w::operator= (const \fBi_w\fP & other)\fC [inline]\fP"operator= 
.PP
\fBParameters:\fP
.RS 4
\fIother\fP 
.RE
.PP
\fBReturns:\fP
.RS 4
.RE
.PP

.PP
Definition at line 140 of file Builder_plans.h.
.PP
References item, and order_attr.
.SS "bool genevalmag::i_w::operator== (const \fBi_w\fP & other) const\fC [inline]\fP"operator== 
.PP
\fBParameters:\fP
.RS 4
\fIother\fP 
.RE
.PP
\fBReturns:\fP
.RS 4
.RE
.PP

.PP
Definition at line 131 of file Builder_plans.h.
.PP
References item, and order_attr.
.SH "Member Data Documentation"
.PP 
.SS "\fBgenevalmag::i_w::item\fP"
.PP
A key_work_list. 
.PP
Definition at line 120 of file Builder_plans.h.
.PP
Referenced by genevalmag::Builder_plans::generate_plans(), operator=(), and operator==().
.SS "\fBgenevalmag::i_w::order_attr\fP"
.PP
Order of ecuation. 
.PP
Definition at line 125 of file Builder_plans.h.
.PP
Referenced by genevalmag::Builder_plans::generate_plans(), operator=(), and operator==().

.SH "Author"
.PP 
Generated automatically by Doxygen for maggen from the source code.
