.TH "genevalmag::Sort" 3 "4 Sep 2010" "Version 1.0" "maggen" \" -*- nroff -*-
.ad l
.nh
.SH NAME
genevalmag::Sort \- 
.SH SYNOPSIS
.br
.PP
.PP
\fC#include <Sort.h>\fP
.SS "Public Member Functions"

.in +1c
.ti -1c
.RI "\fBSort\fP ()"
.br
.ti -1c
.RI "\fBSort\fP (const string name)"
.br
.ti -1c
.RI "\fBSort\fP (const \fBSort\fP &other)"
.br
.ti -1c
.RI "virtual \fB~Sort\fP ()"
.br
.ti -1c
.RI "\fBSort\fP & \fBoperator=\fP (const \fBSort\fP &other)"
.br
.ti -1c
.RI "const string \fBget_name\fP () const "
.br
.ti -1c
.RI "void \fBset_name\fP (const string name)"
.br
.ti -1c
.RI "void \fBset_type_basic\fP (const bool type_basic)"
.br
.ti -1c
.RI "const string \fBto_string\fP () const "
.br
.ti -1c
.RI "const bool \fBequals\fP (const \fBSort\fP &other) const "
.br
.ti -1c
.RI "const bool \fBis_type_basic\fP () const "
.br
.ti -1c
.RI "const string \fBkey\fP () const "
.br
.in -1c
.SS "Private Member Functions"

.in +1c
.ti -1c
.RI "void \fBcopy\fP (const \fBSort\fP &other)"
.br
.ti -1c
.RI "void \fBdestroy\fP ()"
.br
.in -1c
.SS "Private Attributes"

.in +1c
.ti -1c
.RI "string \fBs_name\fP"
.br
.RI "\fISort's name. \fP"
.ti -1c
.RI "unsigned int \fBs_ins\fP"
.br
.RI "\fISort's instance. \fP"
.ti -1c
.RI "bool \fBs_type_basic\fP"
.br
.RI "\fIIs true iff is a type basic of C++. \fP"
.in -1c
.SH "Detailed Description"
.PP 
Definition at line 19 of file Sort.h.
.SH "Constructor & Destructor Documentation"
.PP 
.SS "genevalmag::Sort::Sort ()"Contructor empty of \fBSort\fP. 
.PP
Definition at line 20 of file Sort.cpp.
.PP
References s_ins.
.SS "genevalmag::Sort::Sort (const string name)"Contructor with the name of the \fBSort\fP. 
.PP
\fBParameters:\fP
.RS 4
\fIname\fP 
.RE
.PP
\fBReturns:\fP
.RS 4
.RE
.PP
Contructor with the name of the Sosrt. 
.PP
Definition at line 28 of file Sort.cpp.
.PP
References s_ins, s_name, and s_type_basic.
.SS "genevalmag::Sort::Sort (const \fBSort\fP & other)"Contructor copy of \fBSort\fP. 
.PP
\fBParameters:\fP
.RS 4
\fIother\fP 
.RE
.PP
\fBReturns:\fP
.RS 4
.RE
.PP
Contructor copy of \fBSort\fP. 
.PP
Definition at line 38 of file Sort.cpp.
.PP
References copy().
.SS "genevalmag::Sort::~Sort ()\fC [virtual]\fP"Destructor of \fBSort\fP. 
.PP
Definition at line 46 of file Sort.cpp.
.PP
References destroy().
.SH "Member Function Documentation"
.PP 
.SS "void genevalmag::Sort::copy (const \fBSort\fP & other)\fC [private]\fP"Method of copy the \fBSort\fP, STL-like C++. 
.PP
\fBParameters:\fP
.RS 4
\fIother\fP Method of copy the \fBSort\fP, STL-like C++. 
.RE
.PP

.PP
Definition at line 67 of file Sort.cpp.
.PP
References get_name(), is_type_basic(), s_ins, s_name, and s_type_basic.
.PP
Referenced by operator=(), and Sort().
.SS "void genevalmag::Sort::destroy ()\fC [private]\fP"Method destroy \fBSort\fP, STL-like C++. 
.PP
Definition at line 79 of file Sort.cpp.
.PP
Referenced by operator=(), and ~Sort().
.SS "const bool genevalmag::Sort::equals (const \fBSort\fP & other) const"Compares the \fBSort\fP with other. 
.PP
\fBParameters:\fP
.RS 4
\fIother\fP 
.RE
.PP
\fBReturns:\fP
.RS 4
.RE
.PP
Compares the \fBSort\fP with other. 
.PP
Definition at line 141 of file Sort.cpp.
.PP
References key().
.SS "const string genevalmag::Sort::get_name () const"Returns the name of the \fBSort\fP. 
.PP
\fBReturns:\fP
.RS 4

.RE
.PP
Returns the name of the \fBSort\fP. 
.PP
Definition at line 86 of file Sort.cpp.
.PP
References s_name.
.PP
Referenced by copy(), genevalmag::create_instance_node(), genevalmag::Attribute::key(), genevalmag::save_rvalue(), genevalmag::Function::signature(), genevalmag::Function::to_string(), and genevalmag::Attribute::to_string().
.SS "const bool genevalmag::Sort::is_type_basic () const"Returns if the \fBSort\fP is basic. 
.PP
\fBReturns:\fP
.RS 4

.RE
.PP
Returns if the \fBSort\fP is basic. 
.PP
Definition at line 149 of file Sort.cpp.
.PP
References s_type_basic.
.PP
Referenced by copy(), and to_string().
.SS "const string genevalmag::Sort::key () const"Generates and returns the string key that identifies a \fBSort\fP definitely.
.br
 
.br
 Result = <name>
.br
.PP
\fBReturns:\fP
.RS 4
.RE
.PP
Generates and returns the string key that identifies a \fBSort\fP definitely.
.PP
Result = <name> 
.PP
Definition at line 159 of file Sort.cpp.
.PP
References s_name.
.PP
Referenced by equals().
.SS "\fBSort\fP & genevalmag::Sort::operator= (const \fBSort\fP & other)"Operator assign(=) of \fBSort\fP. 
.PP
\fBParameters:\fP
.RS 4
\fIother\fP 
.RE
.PP
\fBReturns:\fP
.RS 4
.RE
.PP
Operator assign(=) of \fBSort\fP. 
.PP
Definition at line 54 of file Sort.cpp.
.PP
References copy(), and destroy().
.SS "void genevalmag::Sort::set_name (const string name)"Sets the name of the \fBSort\fP. 
.PP
\fBParameters:\fP
.RS 4
\fIname\fP Sets the name of the \fBSort\fP. 
.RE
.PP

.PP
Definition at line 94 of file Sort.cpp.
.PP
References s_name.
.SS "void genevalmag::Sort::set_type_basic (const bool type_basic)"Sets if the \fBSort\fP is basic. 
.PP
\fBParameters:\fP
.RS 4
\fItype_basic\fP Set if the \fBSort\fP is basic. 
.RE
.PP

.PP
Definition at line 101 of file Sort.cpp.
.PP
References s_type_basic.
.PP
Referenced by genevalmag::Attr_grammar::return_sort().
.SS "const string genevalmag::Sort::to_string () const"Generates and returns a string reprensentation of a \fBSort\fP.
.br
 
.br
 Result = 'sort' <name> ['(' <instance> ')' IF DEBUG IS ON] ';'
.br
 
.PP
\fBReturns:\fP
.RS 4

.RE
.PP
Generates and returns a string reprensentation of a \fBSort\fP.
.PP
Result = 'sort' <name> ['(' <instance> ')' IF DEBUG IS ON] ';' 
.PP
Definition at line 111 of file Sort.cpp.
.PP
References is_type_basic(), s_ins, and s_name.
.PP
Referenced by genevalmag::create_sort().
.SH "Member Data Documentation"
.PP 
.SS "\fBgenevalmag::Sort::s_ins\fP\fC [private]\fP"
.PP
Sort's instance. 
.PP
Definition at line 31 of file Sort.h.
.PP
Referenced by copy(), Sort(), and to_string().
.SS "\fBgenevalmag::Sort::s_name\fP\fC [private]\fP"
.PP
Sort's name. 
.PP
Definition at line 26 of file Sort.h.
.PP
Referenced by copy(), get_name(), key(), set_name(), Sort(), and to_string().
.SS "\fBgenevalmag::Sort::s_type_basic\fP\fC [private]\fP"
.PP
Is true iff is a type basic of C++. 
.PP
Definition at line 36 of file Sort.h.
.PP
Referenced by copy(), is_type_basic(), set_type_basic(), and Sort().

.SH "Author"
.PP 
Generated automatically by Doxygen for maggen from the source code.
