.TH "genevalmag::c_rule" 3 "4 Sep 2010" "Version 1.0" "maggen" \" -*- nroff -*-
.ad l
.nh
.SH NAME
genevalmag::c_rule \- 
.SH SYNOPSIS
.br
.PP
.PP
\fC#include <Builder_plans.h>\fP
.SS "Public Member Functions"

.in +1c
.ti -1c
.RI "bool \fBoperator<\fP (const \fBc_rule\fP &other) const "
.br
.ti -1c
.RI "\fBc_rule\fP & \fBoperator=\fP (const \fBc_rule\fP &other)"
.br
.in -1c
.SS "Public Attributes"

.in +1c
.ti -1c
.RI "unsigned short \fBfather\fP"
.br
.RI "\fIIndex context father (rule). \fP"
.ti -1c
.RI "\fBOrder_rule\fP \fBcontext\fP"
.br
.RI "\fIIndexs contexts inferior (rules). \fP"
.in -1c
.SH "Detailed Description"
.PP 
This struct represent a Context_rule, that is a father rule and the context of rule. 
.PP
Definition at line 37 of file Builder_plans.h.
.SH "Member Function Documentation"
.PP 
.SS "bool genevalmag::c_rule::operator< (const \fBc_rule\fP & other) const\fC [inline]\fP"operator< 
.PP
\fBParameters:\fP
.RS 4
\fIother\fP 
.RE
.PP
\fBReturns:\fP
.RS 4
.RE
.PP

.PP
Definition at line 54 of file Builder_plans.h.
.PP
References context, and father.
.SS "\fBc_rule\fP& genevalmag::c_rule::operator= (const \fBc_rule\fP & other)\fC [inline]\fP"operator= 
.PP
\fBParameters:\fP
.RS 4
\fIother\fP 
.RE
.PP
\fBReturns:\fP
.RS 4
.RE
.PP

.PP
Definition at line 64 of file Builder_plans.h.
.PP
References context, and father.
.SH "Member Data Documentation"
.PP 
.SS "\fBgenevalmag::c_rule::context\fP"
.PP
Indexs contexts inferior (rules). 
.PP
Definition at line 48 of file Builder_plans.h.
.PP
Referenced by genevalmag::Builder_plans::generate_plans(), genevalmag::Builder_plans::generates_topological_order(), operator<(), and operator=().
.SS "\fBgenevalmag::c_rule::father\fP"
.PP
Index context father (rule). 
.PP
Definition at line 43 of file Builder_plans.h.
.PP
Referenced by genevalmag::Builder_plans::generate_plans(), genevalmag::Builder_plans::generates_topological_order(), operator<(), and operator=().

.SH "Author"
.PP 
Generated automatically by Doxygen for maggen from the source code.
